I have friends of successes nelson and coverage of mexico the stations of
ski or take the time to answer some sections
internal emails that always send your ones which I appreciate so much that
take into account
ibaraki
the first some of the topics
couriers wondered if he thought
many goods kind of questions it's about says hello my question is how
mastered which one did a voice
this Sunday a microphone happens 606
mitrofanov the third 1
USA
smith land route restaurant hand east
buenos aires jun
although you always have to know how it is
jose castro the voice of so much to capture microfonito
this superhero assuming that the spokesperson
turnip the air
it's sad that it's going to clarify when the recording is a good recording wolf
the most important, so I follow and compress
enough would be the word
buy a pretty
and in which they are simply to have a little
the serious
i and the rest this
after exploding like this I will hararé but always taking into account that after
listen to him the English singer a little bit our ears
in that scenario, sense is a somewhat subjective question to answer with
words
but now there is that the reaper the basics that he would have to exercise on occasions of
they use says because many intel then a shock the xerez next to
this
and many to likes with the coach we will be limiting the
science percent and also counts the distance before the charm of
the microphone singer
I know that this is so much that the answer from the external microphone does not count
I know
two microphones
the pts many tests like the microphones to know what is the
project will remain
to each singer I hope you're going to be exposed to something write to us
arrived ag
in turn for all your questions that many viable contexts this some of
the ox's guards has done this powerful in answering them hilton is
interested in some
and from the clearest you have some theme along with your good walk
post
lilibeth command awards extensive damages in a future home videos